Typescript

   Topic 1: Structural Typing

       structural vs nominal type systems: 
           structural : two types are same if they have same structures
           nominal: two types are same if they have same names

   Topic 2: implements(not available in js) vs extends(inheritance, available in js also)

   Topic 3: Type annotations -> let a: number = 2;
            Type Inference -> let a = 3;

            Type annotations involve explicitly specifying the type of a parameter or variable,
            while type inference occurs when TypeScript automatically determines the type based 
            on the implementation.

            When to use annotation and Inference is straightforward. 
            You should use Inference most of the time.There are only a few cases 
            where Inference comes short, and it is impossible to determine a type.

            Most of the time, you do not need to worry about writing annotations manually, 
            except the cases where unknown return values come from functions or variables 
            must be declared before the initialisation.

   Topic 4: Type Guards -> A type guard is a TypeScript technique used to 
            get information about the type of a variable, 
            usually within a conditional block

            ('in', 'instance of', 'typeof')
            The instanceof operator tests to see if the prototype property of a constructor 
            appears anywhere in the prototype chain of an object.

   Topic 5: Symbols ->  used to represent unique values that can be used as identifiers or 
            keys in objects. They are also used to create private properties 
            and methods in classes.
            Symbols are created using the Symbol() function. The function takes an optional string parameter,
            which can be used to give the Symbol a description.
            A global Symbol can be created by passing in an object with a 'global' property set to true.
            Constants are created by passing in an object with a 'constant' property set to true.

    Type narrowing:
        Type narrowing is a process of refining or narrowing down the type using certain conditions 
        with a particular code block.




